Skip to main content
Search



Search
Filter by title
Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) documentation
Overview
Learn  Azure  Microsoft Copilot for Azure 
What is Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview)?
Article
11/16/2023
1 contributor
In this article
Join the preview
Next steps
Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) is an AI-powered tool to help you do more with Azure. With Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview), you can gain new insights, discover more benefits of the cloud, and orchestrate across both cloud and edge. Copilot leverages Large Language Models (LLMs), the Azure control plane, and insights about your Azure environment to help you work more efficiently.

Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) can help you navigate the hundreds of services and thousands of resource types that Azure offers. It unifies knowledge and data across hundreds of services to increase productivity, reduce costs, and provide deep insights. Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) can help you learn about Azure by answering questions, and it can provide information tailored to your own Azure resources and environment. By letting you express your goals in natural language, Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) can simplify your Azure management experience.

You can access Microsoft Copilot for Azure in the Azure portal. Throughout a conversation, Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) answers questions, generates queries, performs tasks, and safely acts on your behalf. It makes high-quality recommendations and takes actions while respecting your organization's policy and privacy.

Join the preview
To enable access to Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview) for your organization, complete the registration form. The application process only needs to be completed once per tenant. Check with your administrator if you have questions about joining the preview.

For more information about the preview, see Limited access.

 Important

In order to use Microsoft Copilot for Azure (preview), your organization must allow websocket connections to https://directline.botframework.com.

Next steps
Learn about some of the things you can do with Microsoft Copilot for Azure.
Review our Responsible AI FAQ for Microsoft Copilot for Azure.
Feedback
Submit and view feedback for

 View all page feedback
Additional resources
Events

Cloud Skills Challenge
Nov 16, 2 AM - Jan 16, 2 AM

Choose from 12 unique collections on Microsoft Learn. Enter to win a VIP event pass for the next Microsoft Ignite or Microsoft Build!

Register now
Previous Versions
Blog
Contribute
Privacy
Terms of Use
Trademarks
© Microsoft 2023